This cabinet is nearly full with canvases...
Doesn't look like it'll fit many more.
Why don't you sell them?
Like at an auction or something.
No way.
A student's work isn't going to sell.
Yeah, you're right.
Especially not your work.
There's no way you're selling any.
I think you can easily dispose of this one.
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
Why Don't You Try Bulking Up a Little, Paisen?
I can't quite get in the mood.
I feel like there's something
I'd rather be drawing...
You were watching me just now,
weren't you, Senpai?
You were glancing at me just now, right?
Right? Right?
Were you just violating me with your eyes?
Creepy creep!
N-No!
Oh?
Did you need something, then?
Well...
I just realized, there's something
I haven't drawn lately.
What's that?
P-Portraits.
So?
I-If...
you'd like...
would you...
model for me again?
Aw, I dunno...
Believe it or not, I'm pretty busy.
M-Maybe next time, then.
Oh, all right.
I can't say no if you insist, Senpai.
Guess I'll have to take one for the team!
Y-You don't need to do that!
You're beet red!
You're actually dying to
draw something naughty.
I'm not!
What kind of pose do you like?
A-Anything's fine.
When someone asks you
what you want for dinner,
you're the kind of guy
who's, like, "anything,"
aren't you, Senpai?
What do you want for dinner?
Anything.
Sorry.
Then...
Whatever pose comes most
naturally to you, then.
Natural, huh? Hmm...
Something like this?
Some kind of ready stance?
Muay Thai.
It actually looks convincing.
Though, I only really dabbled.
I can do other stuff, too.
That's boxing, right?
What's that?
"Don't think."
"Feel."
Huh?
This one's a bit more obscure.
I don't know what that is.
Capoeira!
Those poses all suit Nagatoro,
but I can't decide.
Other than that...
That's it!
Oh, that wasn't it.
No, I liked that one.
That one seemed the most natural.
Did it?
Okay, could you do that again, then?
Oh, fine.
What's this ready stance from?
I don't really know, but...
It looks good.
Let's see.
Wh-What do you think?
It's kinda pervy.
You were ogling me all over.
Gross! Gross! Gross!
Wait, what's this stance from, though?
Karate?
That's not it...
This is my original martial art!
'Sup?
Look at them, flirting again.
Flirty paradise!
I was just strangling Senpai
because he was being gross!
You like it rough, huh?
Violence!
That's a nice stance.
Wanna do it again?
"Do it"? Do what?
Wait up!
I'm not telling you, Senpai.
Hold up!
Wait!
Jeez, wait!
Judo Dojo
Fight back, Nao-kun!
Shrimp! Shrimp!
Winner!
Try a little harder. Jeez.
You got wiped.
If Nagatoro saw me like this...
Pupupu!
You're such a wimp, Senpai!
I'm gonna have to train you really hard.
Wimp.
Shut up.
Did you say something?
No, nothing.
All right, it's the time of the year
that you've all been waiting for.
21st
Kazehaya High School Judo Tournament
Date: March 20 1:00 PM
At the school dojo
Male and Female Divisions
Prizes for winners
All members participating!
So we're doing this again this year.
I bet you'd be good at this
kind of thing, Nagatoro.
Art Room
I wonder if she's coming today.
'Sup?!
Check this shit out!
Look at what they're doing!
Get it?!
Huh?
Are you the only one here, Paisen?
Yeah.
She vanished after she saw that around noon.
So she's still like that about judo, huh?
Deserter!
That's just how she is.
I'll go win in Hayacchi's place!
That would be cheating.
H-Hey...
D-Does Nagatoro do j-judo and stuff?
What? What? What?
Are you curious?
Curiousi-tree!
N-Nah, I was just wondering.
You were!
Here.
From general fitness to pro coaching! Mixed martial arts gym!
Beginners welcome!!
Weight loss!
Fitness!
Stress relief!
Exercise!
We run a gym.
Huh.
Why don't you try
bulking up a little, Paisen?
What?!
Wh-What are you even talking about?
Realize your aspirations
We're accepting trial memberships.
Marketing!
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
So I kinda ended up coming...
Oh, if you're going to come watch the gym,
you should come on Saturday around noon.
Don't need to bring anything!
I guess I'll take a look inside.
S-Senpai?!
You knocked me down,
but it was just for a second!
Nope, that was a pretty good punch.
All because Senpai emerged
out of nowhere glaring at me.
Sorry.
It's your fault for getting distracted.
Anyway, get some rest.
Huh?
Stalker.
I-I'm not!
So, why are you here, Senpai?
You obviously don't have any
interest in this kind of stuff.
No, yeah, well...
Be nice to my customers!
And I bet you just brought
him here for the laughs!
Whatever.
Just watch there, I guess.
I'm going over there.
I-It's true that I don't have much
interest in martial arts...
I was a complete failure at
the judo tournament last year.
I just wanted to do a little
bit better this year.
S-So...
Could you teach me a little judo?
What was I expecting?
I just barged in and begged her to teach me.
I'm being a nuisance.
Y-You came all this way.
I guess I can coach you a bit,
if you're actually serious.
Thanks!
Also, since I'm coaching you...
you shall not be allowed a pitiful defeat.
Maybe I shouldn't have asked.
Okay, let's start with falling techniques.
Y-Yes, ma'am.
You kinda know how to do it already, huh?
Yeah...
It would hurt if I didn't.
We're going for lunch.
What about you guys?
I'll join later.
What about you?
I ate at home.
Okay, watch the shop for us.
Sure.
Well, wanna try some free practice, then?
Already?!
We go straight to practical skills.
That's how we do things in Nagatoro Style.
Er...
Yeah.
I can see that.
Now...
You'd better get ready for this, Senpai!
Senpai...
Why are you just standing there?!
Death
S-So soon!
Bop
Senpai, you were so terrified!
I-I-I'm not terrified!
I'm not done yet!
There! Pinned!
Come on. Try getting out.
H-How do I get out?!
I can't move!
I've been pinned by huge, brawny guys...
But this is even harder!
Try harder, Senpai!
In 20 seconds, I'll win the match!
I-I can't!
No way.
Even beginner girls can fight longer than this.
I can't!
Because...
Because...?
Your b...
My b...?
Your body's too heavy.
What?!
How could you even suggest I'm heavy?!
You won't even move...
That's because of my technique!
Skills!
Abilities!
Control the center of mass well, and even
a dainty girl like me can hold a guy down!
It's not because I'm heavy!
I'm being crushed!
Not that I had high hopes,
but I didn't stand a chance.
She always impresses me.
But...
She can kick her from so far back.
She's got sick reach for a high school girl.
Hayacchi's got a good thing going,
but the physical difference...
Senpai.
I didn't expect much physical strength or
technique, but you have no stamina at all.
That throw...
Oh, that would have won
the match if it were judo.
But in MMA, it's just one point.
Stop there!
I can't quite finish off
someone in Gamo-chan's class.
Did you do judo before?
I guess. A little, a while ago.
Th-That's amazing.
Not really.
I'm just doing stuff as a hobby now.
I don't hate judo, either, but there
were people I just couldn't beat.
I felt stuck, and I got tired of it.
That's about all it was.
You might be able to win the
school tournament, though.
I'm done already!
Whatever.
I'm gonna pass on the tournament.
Oh.
Okay, I'm going this way.
Right.
Bye.
You'd better get your running in.
Y-Yeah.
If I have the time.
That throw...
Th-That throw was beautiful.
Say what?
Uh-oh.
Are you supposed to be here?
What do you mean?
The president's apparently working
Paisen one-on-one really hard.
Spartan!
Judo Dojo
What did you need from me, President?
Why did you call me here?
You're done with exams already.
I thought you didn't need
to come to school anymore.
I happened to hear that you've been training
for the upcoming school judo tournament.
Wh-Who told you that?
The cat-eared girl's usual
buddies came to inform me.
Hey, President, did you hear?
Whistle-blower!
The friends! Damn it!
So, I shall give you some training.
N-No, you don't need to do that for me.
Stop bumbling and ready yourself!
She's kinda like Nagatoro
in how pushy she is.
She's not wearing a shirt—
Judo Dojo
Ba               m
N-Nagatoro...
What the hell are you doing?!
Training.
You freaking pervert!
I wouldn't mind training him
until the tournament...
I appreciate it, but Nagatoro's
teaching me right now.
I see.
"Old soldiers never die,
they just fade away."
Judo Dojo
Though my soul shall
continue in the Art Club.
Farewell.
And off to the trash bin for
the bunny-eared girl!
Now I'm gonna whip you into shape!
Sorry to keep you waiting
Points of improvement for today.
Senpai, you know what you did.
I'm sorry for calling a girl heavy.
Oh, that?
Er, um...
Is it about how I got squashed
by the president's breasts?
I w-wasn't really thinking about
her breasts or anything...
You still are!